docs(cockpit): update alerts-limitations (#6018)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-limitations.mdx

| `max_label_name_length`            | 1024               | Maximum character size for a label name                                           |
| `max_label_value_length`           | 2048               | Maximum character size for a label value                                          |
| `max_label_names_per_series`       | 65                 | Maximum number of label names per series                                          |
| `max_metadata_length`              | 1024               | Maximum size of the metadata, in characters                                       |
| `max_global_series_per_user`       | 1000000            | Maximum number of series in memory for a datasource, in the last 10 minutes       |
| `max_global_series_per_metric`     | 0                  | Disabled: Maximum number of series in memory for a metric before replication      |
| `ruler_max_rules_per_rule_group`   | 20                 | Number of rules per rule group                                                    |
| `ruler_max_rule_groups_per_tenant` | 70                 | Number of rule groups for a Project ID                                            |

## Limits for Recording Rules and Alerts

> The following table provides information about [Alerting-Rules](/cockpit/concepts/#alerting-rules)'s limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Limits for recording rules and alerts

The following table provides information about [alerting rules](/cockpit/concepts/#alerting-rules) limits.
```
